1)what are the some of the things related to default methods in interfaces?
ans)

a) Java interface default methods will help us extending interfaces without having the fear of breaking implementation classes.
b) Java interface default methos will bridge down differences between interfaces and abstract classes and only major difference now is Interface still supports multiple inheritance.
c) Java 8 interface methods will help us in avoiding utility classes such as the collections class method can be provided in the interfaces itself.
d)java interface default methods will help us in removing base implementation classes , we can provide default implmentation and the implmentation classes can choose which one to override.
e)one of the major reasons for default methods is to enhance the collections api in java 8 to support lambda expressions.
f)A default method cannot override a method from java.lang.Object.

2) how does default methods in interface solve diamond problem? i.e if a class implements 2 interfaces with same default method what will happen?
ans) if a class implements 2 interfaces with same default method, then the class has to override the default method 
to avoid confusion otherwise compiler throws error.
See java8_examples project in example2 package

3) if a class implements a interface and extends a class. Both interface and superclass has same method with same method signature. Does class need to overide as in question 2?
ans) No class will get method from superclass and not from interface.

4)tell some points about static interfaces in java?
ans)
a) Java interface static method is part of interface. we cant use it for
implmentation class objects or in other words we cant override it
b) They are good for providing utiltiy methods for example null check,collection sorting etc..


5) what is difference between interface and abstract class in java 8?
abs) 
a) abstract class can have mutable state. where as interface cannot have mutable state. As we might be knowing in interface
state is by default final, even if we dont mention final.
b) Abstract class can have construtor where as interface does not have construtor.
c)There is no difference between abstract class and interface other than above 2 in java 8.

6)what is the purpose of introducing defender methods or default methods in interface in java?
ans)
a) If we need to extend the existing interface like list to add methods like stream() or filter(), then we must have
changed many classes liek arraylist,linked list and its better to add in interface. SO to support backward compatibility,
thry added defender methods
b) Suppose if we take functional interface Predicate, it has  1 methods test but we need other methods like negate. But for 
that usually we need to write separate Util classes. It better o have it in interface rather than separate UTil class.
c) it will reduce classes like AbstractList which is there to supply implemented mehtods. now we can have in interface itslef.

